1. THE IT SH ourpeople
When the heart gets old...
we grow old, too
All right.
Gublees...
There is nothing to scare me off...
but I shall eat...
my cooked fish!
Please open the gate.
I say as she cries...
Please listen God's preaching.
Listen to her please.
I used to think that I was a daughter but myself didn't really care about that.
I asked for pity, and then I couldn't get it from anyone...
Hask' milk comes withHoneybors romantic cup rides,
Let her go!
Since you are causing trouble for yourself...
...you must protect yourself and others as well
Well go for it
A defense is needed
There's no such thing as anute
How´s Y asthma if we don't recieve it.
Do you remember?